add another way to install and use tauri CLI (#287)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/en/usage/development/integration.md

### 1. Add Tauri to Existing Project:

The Tauri CLI tool helps you build your project, so install it at first.

> You can install Tauri CLi [using `Node.js`](#Install-Tauri-CLI-package-as-a-dev-dependency:) or [using `Rust`](#Alternatively,-install-Tauri-CLI-as-a-cargo-binary-crate:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Tauri CLI [using `Node.js`](#Install-Tauri-CLI-package-as-a-dev-dependency:) or [using `Rust`](#Alternatively,-install-Tauri-CLI-as-a-cargo-binary-crate:)
```

> You can install Tauri CLI [using `Node.js`](#Install-Tauri-CLI-package-as-a-dev-dependency:) or [using `Rust`](#Alternatively,-install-Tauri-CLI-as-a-cargo-binary-crate:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Tauri CLI [using `Node.js`](#Install-Tauri-CLI-package-as-a-dev-dependency:) or [using `Rust`](#Alternatively,-install-Tauri-CLI-as-a-cargo-subcommand:)
```

}
```

> #### Alternatively, install Tauri CLI as a cargo binary crate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Alternatively, install Tauri CLI as a cargo subcommand:
```

> This will install tauri-cli to your default path of cargo binary crates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install `tauri-cli` as a Cargo subcommand on the cargo binary folder (by default on `$HOME/.cargo/bin`):
```

```bash
cargo install tauri-cli --version ^1.0.0-beta
```

> More install options, see [`cargo install`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-install.html#description)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more installation options, see [`cargo install`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-install.html#description)
```
